MyPostItSecret – Really Lame Marketing
Published on September 19, 2006.
So while browsing myspace (yeah, I know…), I found some kind of link to a viral marketing site .
In it, you take a look into the room of a college bound girl who tells all of her darkest secrets.
Unfortunately, they all have to do with Post-It products.
Yes, post-it is trying to get teenagers to use their products.
They’re using a model who sounds waaayyy too into post it notes:
“I have a rating system for friends. I put my friends’ phone numbers up on the wall with post-it specialty notes. The arrows point up or down depending on who’s on my list of favorites.”
Wait. This girl has friends!!??
This is probably the worst ad campaign I have ever witnessed.
Does Post-it think they’re fooling anyone?
Maybe their plan is to get publicity by having snarky bloggers write about how bad this is…